even if it happens that there will be no supplies,
then what supplies will not be able to
Probably at Yes listen so look, the US
supplies the US supplies to Ukraine Yes
only 30% of military aid the rest is
supplied by all the countries of Europe yes Europe
Japan South Korea Australia and so
on  it's not like the US is the only one you're saying
that it's a bloc of these nuclear powers
fighting against Russia France Germany
Japan Australia New Zealand
Great Britain Benelux countries Italy
Romania
everyone let's have a normal conversation
hello let's say let's have a normal
conversation let's Yes we are for I am from the city of
Khmelnitsky  Ukraine Where are you from Where is it
Now there's a problem with the sound for a second,
everything is possible I'm from the city of Khmelnitsky Ukraine
Where are you from We're from Kazan this is Russia
Tatars
partially understood and you communicate with the World Cup this is
Guys Well, it depends on who you
come across, how you feel about the fact that
Russia attacked
Ukraine neutrally this is
how well this is  here is a
neutral point of view for everyone Well, you definitely
have some relatives or friends
who have already died in Ukraine so
no, we are far from
that That's why it's neutral there
said Zhirinovsky big guys
figure it out we just follow everything And you
little guys Yes we are not even
guys who are you
studying to be saw who are the
pilots What pilots are in Kazan Well
civil aviation is cool and what
will you
do Fly like that planes in
Russia say there will
be no planes left there will be no planes left Yes civil
because  sanctions Yes, there are fewer and fewer problems with maintenance,
it's only while the sanctions are in effect, and
now Uncle Vova will fix everything,
everything will be fine, it's been 3
years since he hasn't been able to fix it. You know
how many
popular designers we had
in the Soviet Union? A  there is no ms21 in Russia
now it will give everyone a hard time
at least one of them is there is this
ms21 soon they will soon be like the
armata tank but still the sanctions are not
in effect forever And plus after
finishing you can easily
even get
a job as a pilot
Where in a taxi Yes in a taxi by the way Well, that's
cool  what is your general attitude? That
is, for or against maybe
something if you were at the helm,
what would you do at the helm? If I were at the
helm of the United
States of America I would have already launched tomahawks at the Kremlin but no it would have flown back it would have flown back there would have been no balloon who would forget about the fable you have already taken away the Kursk region and you can't do anything Why do we have Well Russia Well it's more correct not at all I understand about the World Cup we are all fighting We are all brothers We are all Slavs we all have the same roots we all have no you are not Slavs we are Slavs we are Kievan Rus And you are Kazan Tatars who are you Turks No we came to study Why are you where did you come from Where did you come from We I'm from Kirov Kirov Kirov Kirov is Vyatka, these are Finno-Ugric tribes, there were no Slavs there in the days of Rus' I'm from this Far East And in Kostroma, in Kostroma, wait, Kostroma is also Kostroma - it's even Finno-Ugric Mountain name Kostroma Land of fires Here you are from the Far East, then you are generally like this, in short, you are there, well, where, look, take Kievan Rus Yes, on  In the Far East, Western Slavs, Eastern and Southern Slavs, and in the Far East, what Slavs were there? No, there were no tribes there at all. That's why you are a Tungus or, in short, who are you there? Uch, there are Ulchi living there. Well, that was once upon a time, that's when it was you didn't Slav so look you are not a Slav Slavs are us Rus' with the center in Kyiv Now it is in the territories of Ukraine here are the Slavs they lived and lived here for thousands of years And you I don't know you are some kind of Tofino Hungarian there SVT Kostroma and in short I don't understand What a mixture in short from the Far High What kind of Slavs are you look we even in fact do not relate super to Russia So I do not relate to that not to I you say we we are all Slavs no no Attach to us to the Slavs And in general there are Slavs in what - in the cities you have yes there are some Ukrainians there in the Russian Federation live under the Soviet Union came were and
so it turns out look you have a great history of the Turkic people Yes yours Yes there is a great history of the Ugric peoples Yes quite successful peoples were and have the right to exist what Yes I don't know why you are embarrassed by your nationalities Well conditionally the Norman theory you believe in it not the Norman theory this was invented with the purpose of Catherine who were German tsars Yes and that is why they did this I don't know What is the Norman theory right because no I know what it is in my opinion it used to be Before Catherine I no Noman you like ri German Yes because that they needed to somehow justify their Lomonosov already criticized Tsarist Russia That is, it was Peter I and so on and so forth and so forth and so forth and it turns out that back then they did it that way so that in short it seems like this is the norm Germans And so on here they made Rus' no in short there is no Norman Rus - these are Slavs Here we are Ukrainians Kyiv Look in St. Sophia of Kyiv you still have here Vyatka Show some cathedral  de veka or [ __ ] Well that
is Prince Rurik he he came to you without opening the door
or like Rurik look Rurik did not
exist Rurik is a mythical
character the only one There is a memory of
Rurik in the Tale of Bygone Years this is
not a historical document but a literary
one it was written by the monk Nestor through ri
Centuries  after the events that
he writes about And you are not a teacher
teacher Yes I am a
history teacher at school no at the university I am a
doctor of historical sciences just on the topic of
Rus
archeology and I was by the way at the excavation of
this Novgorod here you have
Rurikovo settlement you know saying yes yes  we
were even before when the hour special
military operation now of course we do not
cooperate with your universities Yes
and so we with the St. Petersburg
State University conducted
joint excavations sente sound everything everything yes
uh before the special military operation We in
Novgorod did excavations Our
University Kiev National  together
with the St. Petersburg State University
Well, because scientists exchange
different information there we did  joint
excavations in Novgorod at the so-called
Rivo Gorodishche were looking for an archaeological
substrate of the 9th century Unfortunately, there are no
mentions of the Slavs in the archaeology of Novgorod
in these centuries, they appeared according to
how it turns out, they arose, they said, how it
turns out Well, if we dont take the
Norman theory because we
were told at the university  it turns out kz then
went rewritten uh look
uh prince Rurik Yes
uh there if you look at the Tale of
Bygone Years Open Yes Nestor chronicles
he generally wrote there that first there was the
Great Flood from the son of Noah who in the
Bible there grew up with these yes that is this is
artistic this uh  twir how is this
a work of art he wrote it in the 10th
century yes that is when already Uh how
could he write about the events of the
6th century Yes in the 10th where did he know all this
yes that is it was a Legend
each Princely family decided to come up with a
Legend for themselves then  then they took it into
service, in short, there is no Rurik anywhere,
Rurik's settlement is what
they called it already in the Soviet Union, too, to promote excavations, there is no, there is no Slavic, where did it come from before such a state as Rus, and there was no Kievan Rus, there was just Rus, then they came up with the name Kievan Rus, so as to hint that there is some other Rus, no, Rus, it is only one was with the center in Kyiv so before this formation which was called Rus there was on the territory of modern Rus there was the Andean Union of tribes Antes - these are the tribes that later became Slavs so that is they became Polyane Drevlyane there Look, write it down for yourself then you will read Write down the Andean Union of the Antes, here are the Antes, they had a prince Bosh, prince me Zamir, prince Radegast, yes, that is, and they fought with the Avars, they fought when the Avars attacked the Union of the Andean tribes. And the state of the Antes suffered a defeat, fell apart a little, and then gathered together in the form of the state of Rus'. The fact is that Kyiv yes archaeological confirmation Kyiv Yes  since what century for sure there is Yeah and archeology in Novgorod here 78th century there is nothing in Novgorod nothing Well that is if it turns out to take Here is Rick In general it did not exist But after him Oleg Oleg look it turns out Oleg Oleg also MIFI here is Igor Yes if we look Igor and Svyatoslav these are already real personalities about them there is evidence in this in how it is not only in the chronicle that was later yes And in the Chronicles of other states Yes Arab Constantinople And so on yes that is there is Oleg Oh there is Igor there is Svyatoslav neither Oleg nor Rurik there is no yes Oleg and Rick is mentioned only in this in the Tale of Bygone Years as a legend, but it turns out that as I remember from history, it seems that Oleg gave the name to Kievan Rus. That is, in fact, this is also no, this is yes, this is already a Legend written later in this as it is in the Tale bygone years because look there like adj from somewhere in short Oleg Yes and adj to Kyiv Kyiv was already true
a huge city was well I won't say it was a huge city Yes the state was already so it turns out that he came from somewhere in the village Yes and well entered in Kyiv he says I will create a state here or something Yes I won't say I didn't really go into details Well that's all but what about for example Ramzan Kadyrov somewhere from the mountains came down to Moscow and said I founded Moscow true But it turns out if after already Take closer to the century When there was the baptism of Rus so this is already all as if the truth no not all truth Well, that's what interests you, de vek Well, it turns out that in 988 988 Vladimir the Great baptized Rus So it's like that, he's no longer this, this is a real person, yes He's a real Greek, he accepted Orthodoxy in Chersonesus in Crimea, Yes, and after him That yes, ...  it's already like look look Not everything Not everything The thing is that any historical document here What is the Tale of Bygone Years this is a text written in the 10th century by a monk that came to us through a bunch of rewriting we don't have the original that was written in the 11th century yes that there is one in one monastery, in short, there are several of these Tale of Bygone Years Yes, in one monastery, one is written, in another on another, that is, people took and copied It's not like you wrote a book and now you keep it, that is, these sheets of paper burned, in short there they got wet and so on and so forth before Well, that was 1,000 years ago And the monks rewrote in their own way, some added their own plots, some threw out others And so on And so it turns out that Vladimir baptized Rus Yes, his heirs are also Yaroslav the Wise, that's where Vladimir built cities and Vladimir Monomakh built cities there in this modern Russia yes that is the center was Kyiv the outskirts were where these now all sorts of Kostroma regions and so on
there were Slavs there Slavs from Kyiv simply came and taxed Denmark local tribes Finno-Ugric and Turkic who lived there I'll come later now Okay, that's the distant past And in 2014 what happened there You know, yes, in 2014 Russia attacked Crimea Donetsk Lugansk because of this started This whole war since the year on Ukraine attacked Ukraine captured Crimea Donetsk and Lugansk And why why for what I don't know this is you should ask your president Why did she attack another country for no reason Well, there may be different reasons Maybe there the president had toxicosis there we don't know yes for example when a maniac attacks someone on the street yes we don't care what his motives are yes it is important to us that he attacked a person and for this he should be held accountable yeah And what were his reasons and worldviews it's somehow all the same to us Yeah And what about the new president, tell me what's normal Yes, finally, we're finally waiting  inaugurations because
Biden uh He was very, how to say,
soft Yes, he was always afraid that Russia was
something Trump is generally clear yes Yes, he
immediately said everything I will finish Putin
will be presented with this fact that it is
necessary to respect the territorial
integrity of the Russian Federation they will give
Putin 24 hours to  withdrawal of troops if Putin
doesn't want Well, I think they'll strike at the
Kremlin and Moscow and everything
will end right away, just like that Yes, well, Trump is
he Look, Trump is he uh The thing is that
Biden Yes, he's already such an old man,
he's a little shorter
somewhere already  I should have retired
a couple of years ago, yes, and Trump is still like that, you
know, he is a fighting male, he wants to
go down in history, yes, he wants to go down in
history as Trump who made America
Great Again, yes, that is, and how, that
is, he needs it for that  to
establish himself Yes, because there
were
some criminal cases against him there, he needs a Victory,
he needs some serious Victory Who is
America's main enemy, yes, such as this,
Russia, the original, eternal enemy, and even with  the
times of Kievan Rus like they
were always against each other these
Anglo-Saxons Yes in short and Rus and it turns out
Yes
now Biden Trump in order to
subjugate the entire authoritative
political elite of the USA needs to show
that he is an alpha male, he needs to bend old
Putin and he  this will do I have no
doubt you'll see yes the 20th
inauguration trump Putin's ultimatum 24
hours and strikes on the
Kremlin when will it be d the number of January a
January u a I seem to have heard Trump say
I will come to power there I
will stop all supplies everything will stop No, that won't
happen  Listen Zelensky, this is such a joke
when Zelensky is at the elections in
Ukraine, we need to stop shooting,
remember
what you said, yes, we need to come to an agreement, the same
rhetoric, exactly like Trump's, this is
such a joke, like for the elections, that's all.
And Zelensky came and became even tougher.
than Poroshenko really Look, in short, how
now he is muddying the waters like he is bombing
Russia, in short, so that  Poroshenko like
yes we thought that they would take the Kursk region
Yes even damn there was no such thought What are you
like and Zelensky is the one who says we need to
stop and so does Trump Yes
because we need votes you are elected Yes Armed Forces
yes let's let's
stop right now in short we'll agree today
And that's all And now he's already
changing his rhetoric Yes, as he wrote on Twitter Yes, what
Vladimir
Yes, I communicated with Ukraine Yes, and
Ukraine's interests need to be taken into account if
you understand Vladimir, this needs to be stopped
If you don't understand, a Chinese friend
will explain it to you like this, he wrote porn and
right away about Trump there something starts I
say I'm waiting for the inauguration finally
Because now Trump has no
powers when will he be
inaugurated Yes so that he could give
orders to the military yes then everything will be
completely different
Biden Biden the thing is  biden chrome he
can't make strong-willed decisions he is
already alive in body but in spirit he is therefore for
him what is there so he already knows like a
grandfather mumbling to himself But Trump is real  and
he understands that he was the
president then Biden
won and now he needs to
rehabilitate himself and show that
he is really a great president and in short he
will make everyone respect America and he will
destroy the Russian Federation That's for
sure
Yeah, well, even if something like that happens  there
will be no supplies, it turns out
that what supplies will not be nano will not be able to
listen look at the USA The USA
supplies to Ukraine Yes only 30% of
military aid the rest is supplied by all the
countries of Europe Yes Europe Japan South
Korea Australia and so on it is not that
only the USA is fighting in that  what is this
bloc of these nuclear powers fighting Yes against
Russia France Germany Japan Australia
New Zealand Great Britain
Benelux countries Italy Romania all look Macron has
now declared Yes that they are considering the
introduction of European peacekeepers Yes into the
territory of Ukraine for what in order
to become for example along the Dnieper Yes in order
not to give  Russia, because Russia
won't fire a single bullet towards a
European soldier. And throw the entire Ukrainian
army there to break through the Kursk region.
In short, there's just a T
to Moscow. In short, there's panic there.  it will start for
you so
what Well what look what Russia The thing is
that 3 years ago when it started they
were afraid that Russia could
scare with a nuclear strike Yes now everyone already look
first Ukraine was given a highmore Russia the needle
is a red line everyone crossed the red
lines and then  strike on the Crimean bridge
they said red or
then strikes on Crimea red line
now strikes on Russian territory that
is already given F16 in short they gave missiles
attacks now they have allowed right Pentagon
officially not even hiding brazenly said
Yes we have allowed Ukraine to strike on the
territory of the Russian Federation This is
their sovereign right  defend yourself
according to the UN statute and that Russia
has done nothing therefore the Armed Forces here can already the
world community has seen that nothing
can give an answer neither to the USA nor to Europe Yes
even to some Poland they will not launch
some drone or missile therefore everyone
already does not care about everything
these military factories in the US in Germany in
France are already working at full capacity By the way, why won't Trump stop
aiding Ukraine Because
all the military factories are
in the United States  they are controlled
by the
Republicans Yes, influential people from the
Republican Party where Trump is from, that
is, Trump, on the contrary, benefits from these
factories working because his people
will receive government orders, that's all, sec
But I've always been interested in this question,
so we conditionally Yes, well, for me
18 years old I still don't really understand all this,
yes, I hear all this there by
ear, I discuss it there, we analyze it there and
so on, but this is maybe
some kind of childish thought, I always
imagined for myself, let's say, in a field,
in a large field, there is an anthill  such a
big
anthill everyone is friends where everyone is there are
ants Yes there are red black there are
white ants all and instead of
building an anthill make it bigger
develop the field where they all live
exist they fight among themselves this is the
stupidest thing they can do
why is this  in the world happens yes
I explain because in the animal world there are
ants there are white red black they
all live in the field Yes in e but there are
e let's
say some  uh, animals parasites Yes,
which instead of developing their
anthill, they look at them Damn, the
neighbors have cool anthills, yes, great ones,
with passages, entrances, they have a field here, yes And
we have some kind of uh, anthill on a garbage
heap Yes, we built Wow, there are
bottles there  some kind of stench stench yes it's
an anthill Yes and they instead of
thinking how to develop their anthill
so that it is clean and beautiful Yes they go
and let's in short, damn, attack that
anthill Let's ask them That's why now
all normal progressive
democratic anthills white black
red Yes united  together in order
to
uh give a beating to those parasitic ants
who, instead of sorting out
their own anthill and
destroying
others, this is in the person of Russia yes I understood it
yes yes yes you understand
the metaphors very correctly I just still can't
understand for what purpose all this  - so they attacked,
not an expansion of territories, right, and
expansion since they accepted the territory means an
expansion of
territories. What?
Putin also said that it takes about
12 hours to fly there from somewhere there from the Far
East to Moscow or to Orel
or whatever, not 12 Maybe
he says less, why expand, that is, the goals are
probably not in expansion, I dont
know Well, if the goal is  not in expansion
Why did they annex Crimea Why did
they annex Donetsk Lugansk part of this
Zaporizhia region part of Kherson with
Kherson Yes why maybe they
posed a threat to Russia and why
annex to themselves
or maybe I dont know maybe Otherwise if not not
annex then again that is, the forces will
be restored the neighbors will be like-  then
help And again the same thing can happen
and so look again I just don't
understand look Finland Latvia Lithuania
Estonia is right next to Russia and the Kherson
region doesn't have any border with Russia at all
Why seize it
Yeah I don't know Here you probably also need to
ask Uncle
Voga No  it's quite clear do you have
any acquaintances who died in
the war I
don't have any acquaintances I probably have
acquaintances I don't have acquaintances probably
a lot of those
who died Yes I do
I know How many died Well, how many
died do you
know in total Yes How many in total I don't know
the number Well, how many acquaintances do you have
who died and acquaintances
Yes I know two of them And what did they die for
What is it
written for, probably defending the homeland It's not this
abstractly but how they defended the homeland
somewhere there  I do
n't even know when I attack another country abroad I can't
say here But if tomorrow they announce that
students are also being sent to war And you
will be taken away How will you feel about this
And we will have no choice Like under
Stalin those who are back will be shot and that's it
There is always a choice
run okay come on so if if to you
yes
comes up
So on the street Bandit yes and will bring the
girl and give her a gun and tell her
otherwise I will do to you well
no No of course here you see yes that
is you don't tell the girl I have no choice
right
voche in Ukraine
sing That is what I am getting at there is
always a choice Yes if some bandit
tells us yes look Take it now
yes yes And then you will stay alive and
you have a choice yes or make this
shot  or worry What if
you and here the
same thing understand the authorities and how this bandit
says so if you don't go there we'll put
you in jail for example and you have a choice
Here
Yeah Well yeah well here so far there is no such thing
here Volunteers are contract workers we are
all juridical while I think  that's it Well, how is it not?
Look, it's not the point that there are a
bunch of dead 18-19 year olds right now. How do
people get on the line there? They
make them sign a contract. You know,
how do they do it? Yeah, and it's the same as
in prisons. They make you sign a
contract.  otherwise life will be unbearable
and everything and people
sign
here they make a
choice But here is a question what do you think
look Why is Russia such a huge
country has oil gas gold diamonds
the richest and lives So poorly why is it so
export is very strong firstly as it
seems to me say that is  we have a lot of oil,
a lot of gas and so on but we always give everything away, we
always
gave everything away, we load and so
on, once again it's not like that. If you sell
abroad, then you should
have money  and you can do whatever you want for less with this money
you have so much oil gas gold and
diamonds that you can sell it three times
cheaper Yes Why does the little
Czech Republic live better than Russia without oil gas diamonds I
don't know they probably spend everything on themselves
who are they we sell gas cheaper  and
their own gasoline is expensive Who are they Who are
these They what do they spend on themselves Well,
these countries that It seems like they
have nothing but they live well
I mean Who in Russia Who in Russia
takes all this money from sales to the whole world for
themselves  and he takes it for himself,
but the state doesn't care. I see. If you
mean these officials, there and so
on, this is all an eternal
problem. Well, who is this person who is to blame
for the fact that the state takes it, here the
officials take all the money from
oil, gas, gold and diamonds for themselves.
who could be
Putin because he is responsible Yes, he has been
president for how many years since 2000
Yes, he is essentially there with a break for
Medvedev, he rules Russia, that is,
everything that is now, I am not even in a
hurry,
all these thieves are in power  and so
on I don't know about Putin Yes
I really don't like his domestic policy
but he does foreign policy very
well And what don't you like about domestic and
what do you like about
foreign policy in foreign policy he is basically good at
all this policy he is building the
right line that
is well  I will not talk about the fact that
Russia was raised from its knees and so on, but
now it still seems to me that the right
decision is being made, and internally this is
corruption, all this is possible,
devastation in this is the kaniya in
billions of dollars of lives of Russian soldiers,
geopoliticians lost in Ukraine  wha a lot of
money like for a war geopolitical
lost where is it right that you
support him in his politics
outwardly I do
n't know probably I don't know It seemed to me that he
somehow
holds
And probably that And
what I don't know specifically I can't name
but in principle I like
how I  I don't know him personally, that is,
not Well, what do
you like, what did he do? For example, in domestic policy, he raised the retirement age, raised the key rate, raised inflation, yes. And what did he do in foreign policy? What do you like?
Well, I don't know, at the very least.  what I don't
somewhere there in slavery That is, I live I am
here that is I can do all this there stop stop stop stop
stop I mean in slavery And what about
in France people in slavery where people in
slavery live in other
countries I dont know Well
everything merged
mental slavery in  head left
like squeak comment letter on my Telegram
right now axis VN
apok this is very and very important YouTube is busy
with us through scarg ORV in your ban and very
many videos I do not show to people at times I do not
show information about streams so
that we Mali operational connection
is written  right now and Popik there in
telegrams okrim video also interesting and
useful information and we are obliged to you to
trim the current operational connection
independently in that will show you about this
YouTube Glory to Ukraine
letter a